Assets updates (and typo fixes) (#22287)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/index.mdx

### Routing behavior

> By default, if a requested URL matches a file in the static assets directory, that file will always be served — without running Worker code. If no matching asset is found and a Worker is configured, the request will be processed by the Worker instead. The Worker can choose to pass the request to the asset binding (through `env.ASSETS.fetch()`). If no worker is set up, a `404 Not Found` response is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, if a requested URL matches a file in the static assets directory, that file will be served — without invoking Worker code. If no matching asset is found and a Worker script is present, the request will be processed by the Worker. The Worker can return a response or choose to defer again to static assets by using the [assets binding](/workers/static-assets/binding/) (e.g. `env.ASSETS.fetch(request)`). If no Worker script is present, a `404 Not Found` response is returned.
```

The default behavior when neither an asset nor a Worker is found can be changed by setting the [`not_found_handling` option under `assets`](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#assets) in your Wrangler configuration:

> - `not_found_handling = "single-page-application"`: Sets your application to return `index.html` for unmatched routes. Use this if you have a Single Page Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`not_found_handling = "single-page-application"`](/workers/static-assets/routing/single-page-application/): Sets your application to return a `200 OK` response with `index.html` for navigation requests which don't match a static asset. Use this if you have a Single Page Application.
```

Author: addressed with https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/22287/commits/f5ebf9200b3b77bd45bba063475badee10d6aae7 :)

> - `not_found_handling = "404-page""`: Sets your application to return `404.html` for unmatched routes.

Author: addressed with https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/22287/commits/f5ebf9200b3b77bd45bba063475badee10d6aae7 :)
